[docs] Add initial steps of creating a custom component (#2534)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/concepts/managing-state.md

{{"component": "modules/components/DocsImage.tsx", "src": "/static/toolpad/docs/concepts/managing-state/binding-editor.png", "alt": "Binding editor", "caption": "The binding editor" }}

### JS expression actions

Some components have event handler props, such as the `Button` component and its `onClick` prop which triggers when the button is clicked.

{{"component": "modules/components/DocsImage.tsx", "src": "/static/toolpad/docs/concepts/managing-state/event-handling.png", "alt": "Event handling ", "caption": "Binding to event handler props"}}

> You can run arbitrary JavaScript `onClick`, including manipulating the state of other components on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run arbitrary JavaScript when the event fires, including manipulating the state of other components on the page.
```
